Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the Lord, and spake, saying: I will sing unto the Lord, for He hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.
The Lord is my helper and protector, and He is become my salvation: He is my God, and I will prepare him an habitation; the God of my father, and I will exalt H11im.
The Lord who breaketh battles, the Lord is his name.
Pharaoh's chariots and his host hath He cast into the sea; chosen riders and captains, standing next to Pharoah, hath He drowned in the Red sea.
The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone.
Thy right hand, O Lord, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O Lord, hath dashed in pieces the enemy, and in the greatness of Thine excellency Thou hast overthrown them that rose up against Thee.
Thou sentest forth thy wrath, which consumed them as stubble.
And with the blast of Thy displeasure did the waters gather together; the floods were hardened like a wall, and the waves were congealed in the midst of the sea.
The enemy said: I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my desires shall be satisfied upon them; I will draw my sword, my hand shall destroy them.
Thou didst send forth Thy wind; the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters.
Who is like unto Thee among the gods, O Lord? Who is like Thee, glorious in holiness, marvelous in deeds, doing wonders?
Thou didst stretch out Thy right hand, the earth swallowed them up.
Thou guide by Thy righteousness the people which Thou hast redeemed: Thou didst call them in Thy strength unto Thy holy habitation.
The nations heard and were angred: sorrow took hold on the inhabitants of Philistia.
Then the leaders of Edom shall be hastened, and the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall sieze them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.
Fear and trembling shall fall upon them; by the greatness of Thine arm they shall be as still as a stone;
Until Thy people pass over, O Lord, until this Thy people pass over, which thou hast purchased.
Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of Thine inheritance, in the place, O Lord, which Thou hast made for Thee to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O Lord, which Thy hands have established.
The Lord reigneth for ever and ever and unto eternity.
For the horse of Pharaoh, with his chariots and horsemen, went into the sea, and the Lord brought the waters of the sea upon them, but the children of Israel went on through dry land in the midst of the sea.
