Troparion, tone 1

I, the prodigal, was conceived in iniquity, / and I do not dare to look at the height of heaven, / but, boldly hoping for Your love for mankind, I cry out: / God, cleanse me, a sinner, and save me!

If the righteous is barely saved, / where will I be, the sinner? / I could not endure the hardships and heat of the day, / but to the workers of the eleventh hour / number me, O God, and save me.

Glory: Hurry to open my paternal embrace: / I have wasted my life fornication, / on the inexhaustible wealth of Your mercies, Savior, looking indifferently! / Now do not despise my impoverished heart, / for to You, Lord,
I cry out in contrition: / “I have sinned, Father, against heaven and before You!”

And now: The hope of Christians, Blessed Virgin, / unceasingly pray with the Higher Forces / to God born by You above both the mind and the word, / to give forgiveness of sins and correction of life to all of us, / with faith and love always honoring You.

Lord have mercy (40) and prayer:

Lord, the Almighty, the Incomprehensible, the Beginning of the Light and the Power exceeding knowledge, the Hypostatic Word Father and Your One-Powered Spirit, the Source, by infinite mercy and inexpressible goodness, did not despise human nature,
imprisoned in the darkness of sin, but shone with the Divine light of Your sacred teachings, law and prophets to the world , but after this, deigned that Your Only Begotten Son Himself in the flesh should appear to us and direct us to enlightenment by Your light.
May Thy ears be attentive to the voice of our prayer, and grant us, O God, to pass through the whole night of our present life with a watchful and sober heart, waiting for the coming of Thy Son and our God, the Judge of all. May He find us not lying
and sleeping, but awake and risen, in the fulfillment of Thy commandments, and we all will enter into His joy, where there is an unceasing voice of celebrating, and inexpressible delight contemplating the inexpressible beauty of Thy face. For You are a good and philanthropic
God, and we give glory to You, the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, now and always and forever and ever. Amen.
