Troparion, tone 7

Visit my peaceful soul, O Lord, / who has wasted all his life in sins ; / just like a harlot, and accept me, / and save me.

Swimming across the abyss of this life, / I think about the abyss of my many evils, / and, having no helmsman’s thoughts, / I turn to You with the words of Peter: / Save me, Christ, save me, God, / as a Lover of mankind!

Glory: Soon we will enter together into Christ's bridal chamber, / having kindled our lamps by faith; / let us all hear the blessed voice of Christ our God: / “Come, you who love heavenly glory, / who have become partakers of the wise virgins!”.

And now: Soul, repent before your departure, / the judgment is incorruptible for sinners and unbearable. / Call to the Lord in contrition of heart: / “I have sinned against Thee, Merciful, in knowledge and ignorance; / through the prayers of the Mother of God, have mercy and save
me!”

Lord have mercy (40) and prayer:

I confess my sins to you, O Lord, the only Good and who does not remember evil. I fall down to You, unworthy, crying out: “I have sinned, Lord, I have sinned and am not worthy to look at the heights of heaven from the multitude of my iniquities.” But,
my Lord, Lord, grant me tears of tenderness, one Good and Merciful, so that I can beg You with them and be cleansed before the end from all sin. For a terrible and formidable place I have to pass after separation from the body, and many gloomy
and inhuman demons will meet me, and there will be no one to help: neither a companion, nor a savior. Therefore, I fall down to Your goodness: do not hand me over to my offenders, and let not my enemies boast of me, O Good Lord, and let them not say:
“You fell into our hands and are betrayed to us.” No, Lord, do not forget Your mercy and do not repay me according to my iniquities, and do not turn Your face away from me. But You Yourself enlighten me, Lord, only with mercy and compassion. Let my enemy
not rejoice over me, but extinguish his threats against me and abolish all his actions. Grant me an impeccable path to You, Good Lord, because even having sinned, I did not resort to another doctor and did not stretch out my hand to a strange god. Do not reject
my prayer, but hear me according to Your goodness and confirm my heart with Your fear, and may Your grace be upon me, Lord, like a fire that burns impure thoughts in me. For You, Lord, are the Light, the highest of all light; Joy above all
joy; Rest is above all rest; True life and Salvation enduring forever and ever. Amen.
