Troparion, tone 6

From the terrible day of Your coming / I am horrified, O Christ, / and, fearing the incorruptible judgment, O Lord, / I fear and tremble, for I have many sins. / But before the end, like a merciful God, / convert and save me,
/ my Savior, Most Merciful.

Glory: When the thrones for Judgment will be set, Lord, / and people will appear before Your judgment seat, / they will not prefer a king to a warrior, / the master will not receive preference over a slave: / for each of his deeds / will either be glorified or ashamed.

And now: You have been honored with great gifts, / pure Virgin Mother of God, / for you have given birth in the flesh of One of the Trinity, / Christ the Giver of Life, / for the salvation of our souls.

Lord have mercy (40) and prayer:

Lord , our God, rich in mercy and incomprehensible in compassion, alone by nature sinless and for our sake became a man without sin! Hear at this hour this my contrite prayer, for I am poor and poor in
good deeds, and my heart in me is in turmoil. For You know, Almighty King, Lord of heaven and earth, that I spent all my youth in sins and, walking in the wake of the desires of my flesh, I became a laughing stock of demons, I followed the devil, always
wallowing in the mire of sweets. For, darkened by thought from infancy even to this day, I have never had the desire to do Thy holy will, but all captivated by the passions that force me, I have become a laughingstock and a mockery for demons, not at all
keeping in mind the thoughts of your unbearable formidable wrath against sinners and the fiery hell prepared for them. So, falling into despair and never regaining a sense of conversion, I suffered deprivation and lost my friendship with You. For what kind of sin
have I not committed? What deed did the demon not do? What shameful and lecherous deed have I not done with excess and zeal? I stained my mind with carnal memories, polluted my body with shameful intercourse, defiled my spirit with consent to evil,
taught every member of my unfortunate body to serve and work with sins. And now who does not mourn for me, the unfortunate one? Who will not mourn for me, the condemned? For I alone, Lord, angered Your fury, I alone kindled Your anger against me, I alone angered
He created you, surpassing and defeating all sinners from the beginning, having sinned incomparably more and unforgivably. But since You, Lover of mankind, are many-merciful, compassionate and await the conversion of a person, behold, I am thrown down before
Your terrible and unbearable judgment, and as if touching Your most pure feet, from the depths of my soul I cry out to You: “Cleanse, Lord, forgive me, Unforgiving, have mercy my weakness, bow down to my perplexity, heed my prayer and do not remain silent, seeing my tears, accept
return me who is penitent and erring, embrace me who returns and pray for forgiveness.” For You did not grant repentance to the righteous, You did not grant forgiveness to those who did not sin, but You granted me, a sinner, repentance for what I aroused Your indignation. Naked
and naked, I stand before You, Lord of the Hearts, confessing my sins, for I cannot look and see the height of heaven, bending under the weight of my sins. Enlighten the eyes of my heart and grant me compunction for repentance and contrition
of heart for correction, so that with good hope and true confidence I go to the world there, praising and blessing unceasingly your all-holy name, the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit now, and always, and till the end of time. Amen.
