Troparion, tone 8

Like a harlot, I bow down before You / in order to receive forgiveness, / and instead of peace I bring tears from my heart to You, Christ God, / so that, like her, You have pity on me, Savior, / and grant me cleansing from sins. / For,
like her, I cry out to You: / “Remove me from the mire of my deeds!”

Glory: Why don't you, my soul, think about death? / That you do not finally turn to correction, / before the trumpet announcing the Judgment? / Then there will be no time for repentance. / Imagine in your mind a publican and a harlot crying: / “I have sinned
against You, / Lord, have mercy on me!”

And now: Truly surpassing the Powers of Heaven / by the birth of the Savior from You, / Ever-Virgin Mother of God! / We, enriched through You by communion with the Divine, / unceasingly magnify You.

Lord have mercy (40) and prayer:

B thank you, Lord God of our salvation, for you do everything for the good of our life! You gave us rest in the past tense of the night, and raised us from our beds, and set us up to worship Your holy and glorious name.
Therefore, we pray to You, Lord: grant us grace and strength, so that we may be worthy to hymn to You intelligently, and to pray without ceasing, and always look to You, the Savior and Benefactor of our souls, with fear and trembling making our salvation.
Hear and have mercy on us, Merciful One! Crush under our feet invisible adversaries and enemies, accept our thanksgiving, grant us grace and strength to open our mouths, and teach us Thy commandments. For what to pray for, we and
we do not know how it should be, unless, Lord, by Your Holy Spirit You teach us. If, however, we have sinned in any way even up to this hour, in word, or deed, or thought, voluntarily or involuntarily, weaken, forgive, forgive. For if You, Lord,
notice iniquity, Lord, who can stand? For with You is propitiation, with You is deliverance. You are the One Holy One, the mighty Helper and Defender of our life, and we bless You for all ages. Amen.
