Troparion, tone 2

I have sinned before You, Savior, / like a prodigal son; / accept me, Father, penitent, / and have mercy on me, God!

Glory: I appeal to You, Christ the Savior, / with the voice of a publican: / “Be merciful to me, as to him, / and have mercy on me, O God!”

And now: Mother of God, do not despise me, / needing Your intercession, / for my soul trusts in You, / and have mercy on me!

Lord have mercy (40) and prayer:

Lord, Almighty and Creator of the whole world, Father of compassion and God of mercy, who created man from the earth and endowed him with Your image and likeness, so that Your majestic name on earth may be glorified in him ; rejected
for the transgression of Your commandments, recreated him again for the better in Your Christ, and raised him to heaven! I thank You that You have multiplied Your greatness on me, and have not completely betrayed me to my enemies, who seek to cast me into the abyss.
hell, and let me not perish in the midst of my iniquities. Now, Lord, many-merciful and loving goodness, who does not want the death of a sinner, but who awaits and accepts his conversion, raises the fallen, heals the contrite, turn
me to repentance, and raise the fallen, and heal the contrite! Remember Your compassion and Your incomprehensible goodness from the ages and forget my immeasurable iniquities that I have committed in deed, word and thought. Break the blindness of the heart
mine, and grant me tears of tenderness to cleanse my mind from filth. Hear, Lord, listen, Lover of mankind, cleanse, Merciful, and free my unfortunate soul from the torment of the passions that reign in me. And may sin no longer hold
me back, and may the hostile demon not overcome me, and may not incline me to his will. But Thou, Who delivered me by Thy mighty hand from his dominion, O good and philanthropic Lord, reign in me and be pleased that I belong entirely
You and in the future lived according to Your will. And grant me, according to Thy inexpressible goodness, cleansing of hearts, preservation of lips, directness of actions, humble thought, peace of thoughts, peace of my spiritual strength, spiritual joy, true love, long-suffering,
kindness, meekness, unfeigned faith, strong temperance, and fulfill me all good fruits, according to the gift of Your Holy Spirit. And do not bring me only half of my days, and do not steal my soul faulty and unprepared, but fulfill me
Your perfection And so bring me out of this present life, so that, having passed without hindrance the chiefs and rulers of darkness, by Thy grace, I also see the unapproachable beauty of Thy glory, inexpressible together with all Thy saints, in whom Thy all-sacred
and majestic name, the Father and the Son, is holy and glorified. Holy Spirit, now and always and forever and ever. Amen.
