I will confess unto thee, O Lord, with my whole heart; I will tell of all thy wonders.
I will be glad and rejoice in thee; I will sing unto thy name, O thou Most High.
When mine enemies are turned back, they shall be weakened, and perish before Thy face.
For thou hast maintained my judgment and my cause; thou hast sat upon a throne, O thou that judgest righteousness.
Thou hast rebuked the nations, and the ungodly man perished; thou blotted out his name out unto the age, and unto the age of the age.
The swords of the enemy have failed unto the end, and his cities thou hast destroyed.
His memorial hath perished with a resounding noise, but the Lord endureth unto the age.
In judgment hath he prepared his throne, and it is he who shall judge the world in righteousness; he shall judge the peoples in uprightness.
The Lord also is become a refuge to the poor; a help in favourable times and afflictions.
And let them that know thy name hope in thee; for thou, O Lord, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.
Sing praises unto the Lord, he who dwelleth in Sion; Make known his deeds among the nations.
For he that maketh reckoning for blood hath remembered them; he hath not forgotten the cry of the poor.
Have mercy on me, O God; behold my humiliation from mine enemies, O thou that liftest me up from the gates of death,
That I may show forth all thy praises in the gates of the daughter of Sion; we will rejoice in thy salvation.
The nations are stuck fast in the corruption that they have wrought; in the snare which they hid is their own foot taken.
The Lord is known in executing judgments; the sinner is caught in the works of his hands.
Let the sinners be turned back unto hades, yea, all the nations that forget God.
For not unto the end shall the poor be forgotten; the patience of the needy shall not perish unto the end.
Arise, O Lord, let not man be strengthened; let the nations be judged in thy sight.
Appoint, O Lord, a lawgiver over them; let the nations know that they are but men.
Why standest thou afar off, O Lord? Why dost thou overlook in favourable times and afflictions?
When the ungodly behaveth proudly, the poor man is set on fire; they are caught in the counsels which they reason.
For the sinner praiseth himself in the lusts of his soul, and the unrighteous blesseth himself therein.
The sinner hath provoked the Lord; according to multitude of his wrath he shall not seek out, for God is not before him.
Profane are all his ways; thy judgments are taken away from his face; he will have dominion over all his enemies.
For he hath said in his heart: I shall not be moved; from generation to generation without harm.
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness and deceit; under his tongue is toil and travail.
He sitteth in ambush with the rich, in secret to slay the innocent; his eyes are set upon the poor.
He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den; he lieth in wait to catch the poor, to catch the poor when he draweth him in to himself.
In his snare he shall humble him; he will stoop down and fall, when he shall have dominion over the poor.
For he hath said in his heart: God hath forgotten; he hath turned away his face, that he may not see unto the end.
Arise, O Lord my God, let thy hand be lifted up; forget not thy poor unto the end.
Wherefore hath the wicked provoked God? For he hath said in his heart: He will not seek out.
Thou dost see, for thou beholdest travail and wrath, to deliver him into thy hands.
The poor hath been abandoned unto Thee, for thou art the helper of the fatherless.
Break thou the arm of the sinner and wicked man; his sin shall be sought out, and it shall not be found.
The Lord is king unto the age, and unto the age of age; ye nations shall perish out of his earth.
The desire of the poor thou hast heard, O Lord; thine ear hath been attentive to the preparation of their heart.
To judge for the orphan and the humble; that man may no more presume to magnify himself upon earth.
