I will love Thee, O Lord, my strength. The Lord is my foundation, and my refuge, and my deliverer.
My God is my helper, and I shall hope in him. He is my defender, and the horn of my salvation, and my protector.
With praise I will call upon the Name of the Lord; so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
The throes of death compassed me, and the torrents of iniquity greatly troubled me.
The throes of hades compassed me about; the snares of death have overtaken me.
And in mine affliction I called upon the Lord, and cried unto my God.
He heard my voice out of his holy temple, and my cry before him shall enter even into his ears.
And the earth shook and was made to tremble; the very foundations of the mountains were troubled and shaken, for God was angry with them.
There went up smoke in his wrath, and fire from his face set all aflame; coals were kindled by him.
He bowed the heavens and came down, and thick darkness was under his feet.
He mounted upon the cherubim and flew; yea, he flew upon the wings of the wind.
He made darkness his hiding place, his tabernacle round about him, dark water in the clouds of the air.
From the brightness that was before him, the clouds passed through, with hailstones and coals of fire.
And the Lord thundered out from heaven, and the most High gave forth his voice.
Yea, he sent forth his arrows, and scattered them, and he multiplied the lightning, and confounded them.
Then the springs of waters were seen, and the foundations of the world were revealed at thy rebuke, O Lord, at the breath of the spirit of thy wrath.
He sent from on high, and took me; he received me out of many waters.
He will deliver me from my mighty enemies and from them that hate me, for they are stronger than I.
They overtook me in the day of my distress, but the Lord became my support.
And he led me forth into widening; he will deliver me, for he hath desired me.
And the Lord shall repay me according to my righteousness, and according to the purity of my hands before his eyes.
For I have kept the ways of the Lord, and have not departed wickedly from my God.
For all his judgments are before me, and his statutes did not depart from me.
And I shall be blameless with him, and I shall keep myself from mine own iniquity.
And the Lord shall repay me according to my righteousness, and according to the purity of my hands before his eyes.
With the pure wilt thou be pure, and with the guiltless man wilt thou be guiltless, and with the chosen wilt thou be chosen, and with the crooked wilt thou be crooked.
For thou wilt save a humble people, and bring down the eyes of the proud.
For thou shalt give light to my lamp, O Lord my God; thou shalt make my darkness give light.
For by thee shall I be delivered from a place of trial, and by my God shall I go over a wall.
As for my God, blameless is his way; the words of the Lord have been tried by fire; He is the defender of all those that hope in him.
For who is god apart from the Lord? And who is god except our God?
It is God that hath girded me with strength and made my way blameless.
That prepareth my feet like that of the hart, and setteth me upon high places.
That teacheth my hands for war; and hath made mine arms as a bow of brass.
Thou hast given me a shield of salvation, and thy right hand hath upholden me.
And thy chastisement hath corrected me unto the end; thy chastisement it is that shall teach me.
Thou hast enlarged my steps under me, that my feet were not made weak.
I shall pursue mine enemies, and lay hold upon them; neither shall I turn again until they fail.
I shall afflict them, and they shall not be able to rise; they shall fall under my feet.
For thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle; thou hast subdued under me them that rose up against me.
Thou hast made mine enemies turn their backs before me, and them that hate me thou hast utterly destroyed.
They cried, but there was none to save; to the Lord, but he answered them not.
And I shall grind them small as dust before the face of the wind; I shall trample them down as dirt in the streets.
Thou shalt deliver me from the strife of the people; thou shalt make me the head of the heathen.
A people whom I knew not served me; at the hearing of the ear, they obeyed me.
The sons of strangers hath proven false unto me, the sons of strangers have waxed old, and halted from their paths.
The Lord liveth, and blessed is my God; let the God of my salvation be exalted.
It is God that avengeth me, and hath subdued the peoples under me; he delivereth me from enemies inclined to anger.
Yea, from those that rise up against me thou wilt lift me up; from the unrighteous man thou wilt deliver me.
Therefore will I confess thee among the heathen, O Lord, and sing praises unto thy name.
For he magnifieth the salvation of his king, and worketh mercy to his christ, to David, and to his seed for evermore.
