In thee, O Lord, have I hoped; let me not be put to shame unto the age; in thy righteousness rescue me, and deliver me.
Incline thine ear unto me, and make haste to deliver me; be thou unto me a protecting God, and a house of refuge to save me.
For thou art my strength and my refuge; therefore for thy name's sake shalt thou guide and nourish me.
Thou shalt bring me out of this snare which they have hid from me, for thou art my shield, O Lord.
Into thy hands shall I commend my spirit; thou hast redeemed me, O Lord God of truth.
Thou hast hated them that keep vanities to no purpose, but I have hoped in the Lord.
I will exult and be glad in thy mercy, for thou hast considered my lowliness; thou hast saved my soul from necessities.
Thou hast not shut me up into the hands of an enemy; thou hast set my feet in a broad place.
Have mercy on me, O Lord, for I am afflicted; in anger mine eye is troubled, yea, my soul and my belly.
For my life failed in pain, and my years in groaning; my strength is made weak in poverty, and my bones were troubled.
I became a reproach among all mine enemies, exceedingly so to my neighbours, and a fear to them that know me; they that saw me without fled from me.
I am forgotten from heart as if one dead; I am become like a broken vessel.
For I have heard the blame of many sojourning round about; when they gathered together against me, they took counsel to seize my soul.
But in thee, O Lord, have I hoped; I said, Thou art my God, my portions are in thy hands.
Deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from them that pursue me.
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; save me in thy mercy.
O Lord, let me not be put to shame, for I have called upon thee; let the wicked be put to shame, and be brought down into hades.
Let the deceitful lips be made speechless, which speak iniquity against the righteous in pride and contempt.
How great is the multitude of thy goodness, O Lord, which thou hast hidden for them that fear thee; thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men.
Thou shalt hide them in a secret place of thy presence from the trouble of men; thou shalt shelter them in a tent from the contradiction of tongues.
Blessed be the Lord, for he hath made wonderful his mercy in a fortified city.
But as for me, I said in my madness, I am cast out from sight of thine eyes; therefore thou hast heard the voice of my supplication, when I cried unto thee.
O love ye the Lord, all ye his saints, for the Lord seeketh out truth, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer.
Be of good courage, and let your heart be strengthened, all ye that hope in the Lord.
