Be not provoked to jealousy by them that do evil, nor envy those that work iniquity.
For like grass shall they swiftly be withered, and as green herbs shall they swiftly fall away.
Hope in the Lord, and do good; dwell also in the land, and thou shalt be fed at pasture with the riches thereof.
Delight thyself in the Lord, and he shall give thee the requests of thy heart.
Reveal thy way unto the Lord, and trust in him, and he shall bring it to pass.
And he shall bring forth thy righteousness like light, and thy judgment as noonday.
Submit thyself unto the Lord, and supplicate him; be thou not provoked to jealousy by him who prospereth in his way, by such a man that worketh iniquity.
Cease from anger, and forsake wrath; be not provoked to emulation so as to do evil.
For evildoers shall be utterly destroyed, but those that wait upon the Lord, they shall inherit the earth.
For yet a little while, and the sinner shall not be; yea, thou shalt seek his place, and shalt not find it.
But the meek shall inherit the earth, and shall delight themselves in an abundance of peace.
The sinner shall watch for the righteous, and shall gnash his teeth upon him.
But the Lord shall laugh aloud at him, for He seeth that his day shall come.
The sinners have drawn their sword; they bent their bow to cast down poor and needy, to slay the upright in heart.
Let their sword enter into their own heart, and let their bows be broken.
A little that a righteous man hath is better than the many riches of sinners.
For the arms of sinners shall be broken, but the Lord upholdeth the righteous.
The Lord knoweth the ways of the blameless, and their inheritance shall be unto the age.
They shall not be put to shame in an evil time, and in days of famine they shall be satisfied.
For the sinners shall perish, even the enemies of the Lord, as soon as they are glorified and exalted; vanishing like smoke they vanished.
The sinner borroweth and and payeth not again, but the righteous hath compassion and giveth.
For they that bless him shall inherit the earth, but they that curse him shall be utterly destroyed.
By the Lord are a man’s steps made straight, and he shall delight in his way exceedingly.
When he should fall, he shall not be ruined, for the Lord upholdeth his hand.
Younger I was, and indeed I have waxed old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed seeking bread.
All the day the righteous showeth mercy and lendeth,and his seed shall be a blessing.
Turn aside from evil, and do good, and dwell unto age of age.
For the Lord loveth judgment, and will not forsake not his saints; they shall be preserved unto the age; but the lawless shall be banished, and the seed of the ungodly shall be utterly destroyed.
The righteous shall inherit the earth, and dwell therein unto age of age.
The mouth of the righteous shall meditate wisdom, and his tongue shall speak judgment.
The law of his God is in his heart; his steps shall not be made to stumble.
The sinner considereth the righteous, and seeketh to slay him.
But the Lord will not abandon him into his hand, nor will he condemn him whenever he should be judged.
Wait on the Lord, and keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the earth; when the sinners shall perish thou shalt see.
I have seen the ungodly being highly exalted, and lifted up as the cedars of Lebanon.
Yet I passed by, and behold, he was not; yea, I sought him, but his place could not be found.
Keep innocence, and behold uprightness, for there is a remnant for a peaceable man.
But the transgressors shall be destroyed together; the remnants of the ungodly shall be utterly destroyed.
But salvation of the righteous is from the Lord, and he is their defence in time of affliction.
And the Lord shall help them, and deliver them; yea, he shall set them free from sinners, and shall save them, for they have hoped in him.
