I waited patiently for the Lord, and He inclined unto me, and heard my supplication.
He brought me up also out of the pit of misery and out of the mire of clay; He set my feet upon a rock and directed my steps.
And He hath put a new song in my mouth, a hymn unto our God. Many shall see it, and fear, and shall hope in the Lord.
Blessed is the man whose hope is in the Name of the Lord, and looks not to vanities and false madness.
Thou, O Lord my God, hast wrought many wonders, and in Thy Thoughts there is none that shall be likened unto Thee. I declared and spake: They are multiplied beyond number.
Sacrifice and offering Thou didst not desire, but a body hast Thou perfected for me; oblation and whole burnt offerings for sins hast Thou not required.
Then I said: Lo, I come. In the head of the book it is written of me,
That I should do Thy will, O my God; yea, Thy law is within my heart.
I have proclaimed the good tidings of Thy righteousness in the great congregation. Lo, I shall not restrain my lips; O Lord, Thou knowest.
I have not hid Thy righteousness within my heart; Thy faithfulness and Thy salvation have I declared; Thy mercy and Thy truth have I not concealed from the great congregation.
Withhold not then Thy tender mercies from me, O Lord; let Thy mercy and Thy truth continually support me.
For countless evils have compassed me about; mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, and I am not able to see. They are multiplied more than the hairs of mine head, and my heart hath failed me.
Be pleased, O Lord, to deliver me; O Lord, make haste to help me.
Let them be ashamed and confounded altogether that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and confounded that wish me evil.
Let them quickly receive shame for their reward, they that say unto me: Well done, well done!
But let all those that seek Thee rejoice and be glad in Thee, O Lord; and let them that love Thy salvation say continually: The Lord be magnified.
As for me, I am poor and needy, yet the Lord will care for me. My helper and my defender art Thou, O my God, make no long tarrying.
