The God of gods, the Lord, hath spoken and called the earth, from the rising of the sun unto the setting thereof.
Out of Sion is the magnificence of his beauty.
God shall come manifestly; our God shall come, and shall not keep silence. 
Fire shall burn before him, and a mighty tempest round about him.
He shall call unto himself the heavens above and the earth, to discern his people.
Gather together his holy ones unto him, those who established his covenant upon sacrifices.
And the heavens shall declare his righteousness; for God himself is judge.
Hear, O my people, and I will speak unto thee, O Israel, and I will testify against thee; the God, thy God, am I.
Not for thy sacrifices will I reprove thee, for thy whole burnt offerings are ever before me.
I will not welcome bullocks out of thy house, nor he-goats out of thy flocks.
For mine are all the beasts of the field, cattle upon the mountains, and oxen.
I know all the birds of the air, and the beauty of the field is with me.
If I should hunger, I will in no wise tell thee, for the mine is the world, and all the fulness thereof.
Shall I eat the flesh of bulls? Or drink the blood of goats?
Sacrifice unto God a sacrifice of praise, and pay thy vows unto the most high.
And call upon me in the day of thy affliction, and I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me.
But God hath said unto the sinner: Why dost thou declare my statutes, and takest my covenant in thy mouth?
Thou hast hated instruction, and hast cast my words behind thee.
If thou sawest a thief, thou didst run with him, and thou didst set thy portion with the adulterer.
Thy mouth abounded with evil, and thy tongue framed with deceits.
Thou didst sit and speak against thy brother, and didst lay a stumbling block against thy mother's son.
These things thou hast done, and I kept silence. Thou supposed wickedly that I should be likened unto thee; I will reprove thee, and set thy sins before thy face.
Understand indeed these things, ye that forget God, lest he should snatch you away, and there be none to deliver.
A sacrifice of praise shall glorify me, and there is the way wherein I shall show him my salvation.
