Give ear, O God, unto my prayer, and over-look not my supplication.
Attend unto me, and hear me, for I was pained in my meditation, and was troubled at the voice of the enemy, and at the affliction of the sinner.
For they turned iniquity upon me, and in wrath they set themselves against me.
My heart was troubled within me, and the terror of death is fallen upon me.
Fear and trembling are come upon me, and darkness hath covered me.
And I said: Who will give me wings like a dove, and so I shall fly, and be at rest?
For behold, I have fled afar-off, and dwelt in the wilderness.
I have waited for God, he that saveth me from faint-heartedness and from tempest.
Cast them down into the depths, O Lord, and divide their tongues, for I have seen iniquity and contradiction in the city.
Day and night they go round about it upon the walls; iniquity and toil and unrighteousness are in the midst of it.
And usury and deceit have not failed from its streets.
For if an enemy had reproached me, then I would have endured it; and if he that hateth me had spoken boastfully against me, then I would have hid myself from him.
But thou it was, O man, of like soul with me, my guide and my well-knowing.
Who didst sweeten meals together with me at table; in the house of God I walked with thee in oneness of mind.
Let death come upon them, and let them go down alive into hades; for evil is in their strange-dwelling, and in the midst of them.
As for me, I cried unto God, and the Lord heard me.
Evening, and morning, and noon-day shall I tell thereof and bring word; and he shall give ear unto my voice.
He shall redeem my soul in peace from them that draw nigh unto me; for they among many were with me.
God himself shall hear, and he shall humble them, he that is before the ages.
For there is no change with them, for they have not feared God.

He hath stretched forth his hand to repay; they have profaned his covenant.
They were made scattered by the wrath of his face, and their hearts have drawn nigh. Their words were smoother than oil, and yet are they darts.
Cast thy care upon the Lord, and he shall look after thee; he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction; bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days. But as for me, O Lord, I will hope in thee.
