Let God arise, and let His enemies be scattered; let them also that hate Him flee before his face.
As smoke vanisheth, so let them vanish; as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.
But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God; let them rejoice with gladness.
Sing unto God, sing praises to His Name; prepare the way for Him that rideth upon the setting of the sun. The Lord is His Name; rejoice ye before Him.
Let them be troubled at the presence of Him that is the father of the fatherless, and the judge of the widows; God is in his holy habitation.
God settleth the solitary in a house; He bringeth out with strength them that were imprisoned; yea, likewise them that embitter Him, them that dwell in sepulchres.
O God, when Thou didst go forth before Thy people, when Thou didst pass through the wilderness,
The earth trembled, and the heavens poured down rain before the face of the God of Sinai, before the face of the God of Israel.
Thou didst send a plentiful rain, O God, whereby Thou didst confirm Thine inheritance when it was weak.
Thy creatures shall dwell therein; Thou, O God, hast prepared of Thy goodness for the poor.
The Lord shall give speech with great power to them that preach good tidings.
The King of the hosts of His beloved shall divide the spoils for the beauty of the house.
Though ye sleep among the lots, yet shall ye have the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.
When He that is in heaven appointeth kings over her, they shall be white as snow in Zalmon.
The mountain of God is a rich mountain, a curdled mountain, a rich mountain.
Wherefore do ye suppose, ye curdled mountains? This is the mountain wherein God hath desired to dwell; yea, the Lord will dwell in it for ever.
The chariots of God are ten thousandfold, yea, thousands of them abounding; the Lord is among them in Sinai, in His holy habitation.
Thou hast ascended on high, Thou hast led captivity captive; Thou hast received gifts among men, yea, even from those in rebellion, that Thou mightest dwell therein.
Blessed be the Lord God, blessed be the Lord day by day; the God of our salvation shall prosper us along the way.
Our God is the God of salvation, and unto God the Lord belongeth deliverances from death.
But God shall crush the heads of His enemies, the hairy crown of them that go on in their trespasses.
The Lord said: I will come again from Bashan, I will come again in the depths of the sea,
That thy foot may be dipped in blood, the tongue of thy dogs in that of thine enemies.
Thy ways have been seen, O God, the ways of my God, of my King, in His sanctuary.
The princes went before joined with singers, in the midst of timbrel playing maidens.
Bless ye God in the congregations, the Lord from the fountains of Israel.
There is Benjamin the younger in rapture, the princes of Judah their rulers, the princes of Zebulun, the princes of Naphtali. Command Thy strength, O God; strengthen, O God, that which Thou hast wrought in us.
Because of Thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring gifts unto Thee.
Rebuke the wild beasts of the reeds, the congregation of bulls among the heifers of the people, lest they exclude them that have been tried like silver. Scatter Thou the nations that delight in war.
Ambassadors shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord, to Him that rideth upon the heaven of heavens towards the dayspring. Lo, He shall give to His voice the voice of power.
Give glory unto God; His magnificence is over Israel, and His strength is in the clouds.
Wonderful is God in His saints; the God of Israel is He that will give power and strength unto His people. Blessed be God.
