Save me, O God, for the waters are come in unto my soul.
I am stuck fast in the mire of the deep, and there is no sure standing. I am come into the depths of the sea, and a tempest hath overwhelmed me.
I am weary with my crying, my throat is become hoarse; mine eyes have failed from hoping in my God.
They that hate me without a cause are multiplied more than the hairs of my head. Mine enemies are grown strong that persecute me wrongfully; I restored that which I did not take.
O God, Thou knowest my foolishness, and my sins are not hidden from Thee.
Let not those that wait on Thee be ashamed for my sake, O Lord of hosts; let not those that seek Thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.
Because for Thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.
I am become a stranger unto my brethren, and a foreigner unto my mother's children.
For the zeal of Thy house hath eaten me up, and the reproaches of them that reproach Thee are fallen upon me.
And I covered my soul with fasting, and it was made a reproach unto me.
And I made sackcloth my garment, and I became a proverb to them.
They that sit in the gate spake against me, and the drunkards made me their song.
But as for me, with my prayer will I cry unto Thee, O Lord, for the time of Thy good pleasure. O God, in the multitude of Thy mercy hearken unto me, in the truth of Thy salvation.
Deliver me out of the mire, lest I should be stuck therein; let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
Let not the tempest of waters overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, nor let the pit shut its mouth upon me.
Hearken unto me, O Lord, for Thy mercy is good; according to the multitude of Thy compassions look upon me.
Turn not away Thy face from Thy servant, for I am afflicted; quickly hearken unto me.
Draw nigh unto my soul, and deliver it; deliver me because of mine enemies.
For Thou knowest my reproach, and my shame, and my humiliation. All they that afflict me are before Thee.
Reproach and misery hath awaited my soul; I looked for one that would have pity on me, but there was none; neither found any to comfort me.
And They gave me gall for my food, and for my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.
Let their table become a snare before them; for a recompense and for a stumbling block.
Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not, and their backs be bent down continually.
Pour out Thine indignation upon them, and let Thy wrathful anger take hold upon them.
Let their habitation be made desolate, and let none dwell in their tents.
For they persecuted him whom Thou hast struck down, and have added to the pain of my wounds.
Add iniquity unto their iniquity, and let them not come into Thy righteousness.
Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.
I am poor and sorrowful; let Thy salvation, O God, be quick to help me.
I will praise the Name of my God with song; I will magnify Him with praise.
And this shall please God better than a young calf that hath horns and hoofs.
Let the poor see and rejoice; seek ye God, and your soul shall live.
For the Lord hath hearkened unto the poor, and hath not despised His own having been bound with fetters.
Let the heavens and earth praise Him; the sea and all things creeping therein.
For God will save Sion, and the cities of Judah shall be builded; and they shall dwell there and inherit it.
The seed also of His servants shall possess it, and they that love His Name shall dwell therein.
