In Thee, O Lord, have I put my hope, let me never be put to shame.
Deliver me in Thy righteousness, and rescue me; incline Thine ear unto me, and save me.
Be Thou unto me a protecting God, and a strong habitation to save me, for Thou art my rock and my refuge.
O my God, deliver me out of the hand of the sinner, out of the hand of the transgressor and unrighteous man.
For Thou art my patience, O Lord; O Lord, Thou art my hope from my youth.
Upon thee was I strengthened from the womb; from my mother's belly Thou art my protector. My praise shall be continually of Thee.
I am as a wonder unto many, but Thou art my strong helper.
Let my mouth be filled with Thy praise, that I may hymn Thy glory and Thy majesty all the day long.
Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth.
For mine enemies spake against me, and they that lay wait for my soul took counsel together,
Saying: God hath forsaken him; persecute and take him, for there is none to deliver him.
My God, be not far from me; O my God, make haste to my help.
Let them be ashamed and brought to nought that slander my soul; let them be covered with shame and confusion that seek my hurt.
But I will hope in Thee continually, and I will add to all Thy praise.
My mouth shall proclaim Thy righteousness and Thy salvation all the day long; for I know not the reckoning thereof.
I will go in the strength of the Lord; O Lord, I will make mention of Thy righteousness, which is Thine alone.
My God, Thou hast taught me from my youth, and still I declare Thy wondrous works.
Yea, even when I am old and greyheaded, my God, forsake me not; until I have showed Thy mighty arm to every generation that is to come,
Thy power and Thy righteousness, O God, as far as the highest heavens, the great works which Thou hast done. O God, who is like unto Thee?
How great are the afflictions which Thou hast shown me, many and evil; yet Thou hast made me to live, and hast brought me up again from the depths of the earth.
Thou hast multiplied Thy magnificence over me, and having returned, Thou hast comforted me, and hast brought me up again from the depths of the earth.
Therefore will I praise Thee among the peoples, O Lord, with instruments of psalmody; unto Thee with the harp will I sing of Thy truth, O God, the Holy One of Israel.
My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto Thee, yea, even my soul which Thou hast redeemed.
And My tongue shall proclaim Thy righteousness all the day long, when they are confounded and put to shame that seek to do me evil.
