How good is God to Israel, even to such as are of an upright heart.
But as for me, my feet were almost moved, my steps had well nigh slipped.
For I was envious of the transgressors, when I saw the peace of the wicked.
For they show no refusal in their death, and they are steadfast in their scourging.
They are not in labours as other men, neither with other men shall they be scourged.
Therefore their pride hath mastered them; they have clothed themselves with their injustice and ungodliness.
Their injustice shall go forth as out of fatness; they have come into their heart’s desire.
They have thought and spoken in wickedness; they have spoken unrighteousness in arrogance.
They have set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue went abroad upon the earth.
Therefore shall my people return hither, and full days shall be found in them.
And they said: How doth God know? And is there knowledge in the Most High?
Behold, these are the sinners; they prosper in this age and have obtained riches.
And I said: Verily in vain have I justified my heart and washed my hands in innocence.
For all the day long was I a man scourged, and reproof was mine every morning.
And if I had said: I will speak thus, behold, I should have broken covenant with the generation of Thy children.
And I sought to know this, but it was a labour before me.
Until I went into the sanctuary of God; then I understood their end.
Verily, Thou hast appointed evils for them for their deceitful dealings; Thou hast cast them down when they were lifted up.
How are they brought to desolation in a moment! They are consumed; they have perished because of their iniquity.
As a dream of one who awaketh, O Lord, in Thy city shalt Thou shalt bring their image to nought.
For my heart was kindled and my mind was changed;
I was brought to nothing, and I knew it not. I became as a beast before Thee; yet I am ever with Thee.
Thou hast holden me by my right hand, and hast guided me by Thy counsel; Thou
hast received me with glory.
For what have I in heaven, and what have I desired upon the earth besides Thee?
My heart and my flesh have failed, O Thou God of my heart; but God is my portion for ever.
For lo, they that depart from Thee shall perish; Thou hast destroyed all them that are unfaithful to Thee.
But it is good for me to draw near to God, to put my hope in the Lord, that I may declare all Thy praises in the gates of the daughter of Sion.
