O God, why hast Thou cast us off unto the end? Why hath thine anger raged against the sheep of thy pasture?
Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; thou hast redeemed the rod of thine inheritance, this Mount Sion wherein thou hast dwelt.
Lift up thy hands against their pride unto the end, as many as have done wickedly among thy saints.
And they that hate thee have made their boast in the midst of thy feast; they set up their ensigns for signs, though they knew it not.
As though into the entrance above,
As though in a forest of trees, with axes they cut down its doors altogether; with twoedged axe and mason's hammer have they broken it down.
They have set fire to thy sanctuary; they profaned to the ground the tabernacle of thy name.
They said in their heart, the whole kindred of them together, Come, let us abolish all the feasts of God from the earth.
We saw not our signs, there is no more a prophet, and he will know us no longer.
How long, O God, shall the enemy utter reproaches? Shall the adversary provoke thy name unto the end?
Why dost thou turn away thy hand, even thy right hand, from the midst of thy bosom for ever?
But God is our king from before the ages; he hath wrought salvation in the midst of the earth.
Thou didst establish the sea by thy power; thou didst bruise the heads of the dragons upon the water.
Thou didst break the heads of the dragon in pieces; thou gavest him to be meat to the Ethiopian peoples.
Thou didst cleave the fountains and the floods; thou hast dried up the rivers of Etham.
Thine is the day, and thine is the night; thou hast perfected the light and the sun.
Thou hast set all the borders of the earth; thou hast fashioned summer and spring.
Remember this, the enemy hath reproached the Lord, and a foolish people hath provoked thy name.
O deliver not over unto the wild beasts the soul that doth confess thee; forget not the souls of thy poor unto the end.
Have respect unto thy covenant, for the dark places of the earth are filled with the houses of iniquity.
Let not the humble and ashamed be turned away; the poor and the needy shall praise thy name.
Arise, O God, judge thine own cause; remember the reproach of the foolish man against thee all the day long.
Forget not the voice of thy suppliants; the pride of them that hate thee ascendeth for ever.
