Give ear, O my people, to my law; incline your ears to the words of my mouth.
I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter dark sayings of old;
Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us.
They were not hid from their children in another generation; they showed the praises of the Lord, and His mighty acts, and His wonderful works that He hath done.
And He raised up a testimony in Jacob, and appointed a law in Israel.
Which He commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children;
That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; that they should arise, and declare them to their children.
That they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but seek His commandments.
That they might not be as their fathers, a perverse and provoking generation.
A generation that set not their heart aright, and kept not their spirit steadfast with God.
The children of Ephraim, bending and shooting the bow, turned back in the day of battle.
They kept not the covenant of God, and refused to walk in His law.
They forgot His benefits, and His wonders that He had shown them.
Marvellous things that He did in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Tanis.
He divided the sea, and brought them through; He made the waters stand as in a wineskin.
In the daytime also He led them with a cloud, and all the night with a light of fire.
He clave the rock in the wilderness, and gave them drink as out of a great deep.
He brought water also out of the rock, and brought down waters as rivers.
And they sinned yet more against Him; they provoked the Most High in the place without waters.
And they tempted God in their hearts, by asking meat for their souls.
Yea, they spake against God, and said: Cannot God furnish a table in the wilderness?
Because He smote a rock, and the waters streamed forth, and the torrents overflowed: cannot He give bread also, or furnish a table for His people?
Therefore the Lord heard this, and was provoked; and a fire was kindled in Jacob, and anger also came up against Israel.
Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in His salvation.
And He commanded the clouds from above, and opened the doors of heaven.
And He rained down manna upon them to eat, and gave them bread of heaven.
Man ate the bread of angels; He sent them provision to the full.
He removed the south wind from heaven, and by His power brought in the south-west wind.
He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sands of the sea,
Which fell in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations.
And they did eat, and were well filled, and He gave them their own desire; and they were not estranged from their lust.
But while the meat was yet in their mouths, the wrath of God rose up against them, and slew the fattest of them, and fettered the chosen men of Israel.
In all this they sinned still, and believed not for His wondrous works.
And their days were consumed in vanity, and their years in haste.
When He slew them, then they sought Him, and they returned and called early unto God.
And they remembered that God was their help, and the Most High God their redeemer.
Nevertheless they did love Him only with their mouth, and they lied to Him with their tongue.
For their heart was not right with Him, neither were they steadfast in His covenant.
But He is full of compassion, and will forgive their iniquity, and will destroy them not.
And many a time will He turn away His anger, and will not kindle all His wrath.
And He remembered that they were but flesh, a breath that passeth away, and cometh not again.
How oft did they provoke Him in the wilderness, and anger Him in the dry land!
They turned back and tempted God, and provoked the Holy One of Israel.
They remembered not His hand, nor the day when He delivered them from the hand of the oppressor.
How He had wrought His signs in Egypt, and His wonders in the field of Tanis.
And He turned their rivers into blood; their showers also, that they could not drink.
He sent the dog-fly against them, which devoured them; and the frog, which destroyed them.
He gave also their increase unto the canker, and their labours unto the locust.
And He destroyed their vines with hail, and their mulberry trees with frost.
He gave their cattle also to the hail, and their substance to the fire.
And He sent against them the fierceness of His anger; wrath, and indignation, and trouble, a message of evil angels.
He made a way to His anger, and spared not their souls from death; but shut up their cattle in death.
And smote all the firstborn in Egypt, the first fruits of all their labour in the tabernacles of Ham.
And He took away His people like sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock.
And He guided them in hope, and they feared not, and the sea overwhelmed their enemies.
And He brought them into the mountain of His sanctuary, even to this mountain which His right hand had possessed.
He cast out the heathen also before them, and divided them an inheritance by line.
And made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their tents.
Yet they tempted and provoked the most High God, and kept not His testimonies.
But turned back, and broke covenant, like their fathers; they became like a crooked bow.
And they provoked Him to anger among their hills, and moved Him to jealousy with their graven images.
God heard, and regarded them no more, and despised Israel.
And He forsook His tabernacle at Silom, His dwelling where He had dwelt among men.
And delivered their strength into captivity, and their beauty into the enemy’s hands.
And He shut up his people with a sword, and regarded His inheritance no more.
The fire consumed their young men, and their maidens made no lamentation.
Their priests fell by the sword, and none shall weep for their widows.
Then the Lord awaked as one out of sleep, and like a mighty man that hath been heated with wine.
And He smote His enemies upon their backs; He put them to a perpetual reproach.
Moreover, He refused the tabernacle of Joseph, and chose not the tribe of Ephraim;
But chose the tribe of Judah, the Mount Sion which He loved.
And He built His sanctuary like that of an unicorn; He established it upon the earth for ever.
He chose David also His servant, and took him from the flocks of sheep.
From following the ewes great with young He took him, to shepherd Jacob His servant, and Israel His inheritance.
So he shepherded them in the innocence of his heart, and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands.
