O Lord, hear my prayer, and let my cry come unto Thee.
Turn not Thy face away from me; in the day when I am afflicted, incline thine ear unto me; in the day when I should call upon thee, hear me speedily.
For my days are vanished like smoke, and my bones are consumed like wood for burning.
I am struck down like grass, and my heart is withered, for I have forgotten to eat my bread.
By reason of the voice of my groaning, my bones hath cleaved to my flesh.
I am become like a pelican of the wilderness; I am become like an owl within a ruined house.
I have kept awake without rest, and am become like a sparrow that sitteth alone upon the housetop.
Mine enemies reproached me all the day long, and they that praised me have sworn against me.
For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping,
From the face of thy wrath and thine anger; for having lifted me up, thou didst cast me down.
My days have departed like a shadow, and I am withered like grass.
But Thou, O Lord, shalt remain unto the age, and thy remembrance from generation to generation.
Thou shalt arise, and have mercy on Sion; for it is time that Thou have mercy on her, yea, the set time is come.
For Thy servants were well pleased in the stones thereof, and they shall have pity for her dust.
And the nations shall fear Thy Name, O Lord, and all the kings of the earth Thy glory.
For the Lord shall build up Sion, and He shall be seen in His glory.
He hath regarded the prayer of the humble, and hath not despised their supplication.
Let this be written for another generation, and the people which shall be created shall praise the Lord.
For he hath looked out from his holy height; from heaven hath the Lord looked upon the earth,
To hear the groaning of them bound with fetters, to free the sons of them put to death,
To tell in Sion the name of the Lord, and his praising in Jerusalem,
When the peoples are gathered together, with their kings, to serve the Lord.
He answered him in the way of his strength: tell unto me the fewness of my days.
Take me not away in the midst of my days; Thy years are from generation to generation.
Thou, O Lord, in the beginning didst lay the foundations of the earth, and the heavens are the work of Thy hands.
They shall perish, but Thou shalt endure; yea, they shall become as an old garment, and as a vesture shalt Thou fold them, and they shall be changed.
But Thou art the same, and Thy years shall not fail.
The sons of Thy servants shall live, and their seed shall be established for ever.
