Bless the Lord, O my soul. O Lord my God, Thou art become exceeding magnified.
Who art clothed in confession and majesty; Who coverest Thyself with light as with a garment.
Who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain; who supporteth His chambers in the waters.
Who appointeth the clouds for His ascent, who walketh upon the wings of the wind.
Who maketh His angels spirits, and His ministers a flame of fire.
Who hath established the earth upon its sure foundation; it shall not be moved unto ages of ages.
The deep like a garment is His mantle; the waters shall stand above the mountains.
At Thy rebuke they shall flee; at the voice of Thy thunder they shall be afraid.
The mountains rise up, and the plains sink down, unto the place which Thou hast established them.
Thou hast set a bound that they shall not pass over, neither turn again to cover the earth.
He sendeth the springs into the valleys; between the mountains shall the waters run.
They shall give drink to every beast of the field; the wild asses shall wait to quench their thirst.
By them shall the fowls of the heaven make their dwelling; from the midst of the rocks shall they give voice.
He watereth the mountains from His chambers; the earth shall be satisfied with the fruit of Thy works.
He causeth the grass to grow for cattle, and green herb for the service of men, to bring forth bread out of the earth,
And wine maketh glad the heart of man, with oil to make his face cheerful, and bread strengtheneth man's heart.
The trees of the plain shall be satisfied, the cedars of Lebanon which Thou hast planted.
There shall the sparrows make their nests; the house of the heron is chief among them.
The mountains as a high place for the harts, and the rock as a refuge for the hares.
He hath made the moon for seasons; the sun knoweth of its going down.
Thou appointedst the darkness, and there was the night, wherein all the beasts of the forest shall go abroad.
Young lions roaring, to seize and to seek their meat from God.
The sun ariseth, and they were gathered together, and they shall lay them down in their dens.
But man shall go forth unto his work, and to his labour until the evening.
O Lord, how magnified are Thy works! In wisdom hast Thou made them all; the earth is filled with Thy creation.
So is this great and spacious sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, creatures small and great.
There go the ships, there this dragon, whom Thou hast made to play therein.
All things look unto Thee, that Thou mayest give them their food in due season; when Thou givest it them, they shall gather it.
When Thou openest Thy hand, all things shall be filled with goodness.
When Thou turnest away Thy face, they shall be troubled; Thou shalt take away their spirit, and they shall cease, and unto dust shall they return.
Thou shalt send forth Thy Spirit, and they shall be created, and Thou shalt renew the face of the earth.
Let the glory of the Lord endure unto the ages; the Lord shall rejoice in His works.
He looketh upon the earth, and maketh it tremble; He toucheth the mountains, and they smoke.
I will sing unto the Lord as long as I live, I will chant unto my God while I have my being.
Let my words be pleasing unto Him; and I will rejoice in the Lord.
O that sinners might be consumed out of the earth, and the workers of iniquity, so that they should be no more. Bless thou the Lord, O my soul.
