O give thanks to the Lord, and call upon His Name; make known His works among the nations.
Sing unto Him, sing psalms unto Him; tell of all His wondrous works.
Glory in His holy Name; let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.
Seek ye the Lord, and be strengthened; seek ye His face at all times.
Remember the wonderous works that He hath done; His wonders, and the judgments of His mouth.
O seed of Abraham, His servants; O children of Jacob, His chosen.
He is the Lord our God; His judgments are in all the earth.
He hath remembered His covenant for ever, the word which He commanded to a thousand generations,
The covenant which He made with Abraham, and His oath unto Isaac.
And confirmed the same unto Jacob for an ordinance, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant.
Saying: Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance.
When they were but few men in number, very few, and sojourners therein.
And they passed from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people.
He suffered no man to do them wrong; yea, He reproved kings for their sake;
Saying: Touch not Mine anointed, and do My prophets no harm.
Moreover He called for a famine upon the land; He destroyed every provision of bread.
He sent a man before them, Joseph, who was sold for a slave.
Whose feet they humbled with fetters; his life was spent in irons, until his word came to pass.
The word of the Lord tried him as fire; the king sent and loosed him; the ruler of the people let him go free.
He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance;
To instruct his princes as he himself, and teach his elders wisdom.
And Israel went into Egypt, and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.
And He increased His people greatly, and made them stronger than their enemies,
Whose heart He turned to hate His people; to deal deceitfully with His servants.
He sent forth Moses His servant, and Aaron whom He had chosen.
He established His signs among them, and His wonders in the land of Ham.
He sent forth darkness, and made it dark; for they were embittered against His words.
He turned their waters into blood, and caused their fish to die.
Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the inner chambers of their kings.
He spake, and there came swarms of flies, and gnats in all their borders.
He gave them hail for rain, and consuming fire in their land.
And He smote their vines also and their fig trees, and broke all the trees of their borders.
He spake, and locust and caterpillar came, of whom there was no number,
And they did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured all the fruit of their ground.
And He smote all the firstborn in their land; the first fruits of all their labour.
He led them out with silver and gold, and there was none poor among their tribes.
Egypt was glad when they departed, for fear of Israel had fallen upon them.
He spread a cloud for a shelter for them, and fire to give them light by night.
They asked, and the quail came; and with the bread of heaven He satisfied them.
He opened the rock, and the waters overflowed; the rivers ran in dry places.
For He remembered His holy promise, which He spake unto Abraham His servant.
And He brought forth His people with joy, and His chosen with gladness.
And gave them the lands of the heathen, and they inherited the labour of the people.
That they might keep His statutes, and seek His law.
