O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
Who shall speak of the mighty acts of the Lord? Who shall make all his praises to be heard?
Blessed are they that keep judgment, and do righteousness at all times.
Remember us, O Lord, in the good pleasure of thy people; visit us with thy salvation.
That we may see the goodness of thy chosen, to rejoice in the gladness of thy nation, to praise with thine inheritance.
We have sinned with our fathers; we have committed iniquity; we have wrought unrighteousness.
Our fathers understood not thy wonders in Egypt; they remembered not the multitude of thy mercy, and provoked thee going up by the Red Sea.
And yet he saved them for his name's sake, that he might make his power known.
He rebuked the Red Sea also, and it was dried up, and he led them through the deep, as through a wilderness
And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of enemies.
Water covered those afflicting them; not one of them left remaining.
Then they believed in his word, and they sang his praise.
With haste they forgot his works; they waited not for his counsel,
And desired after desire in the wilderness, and tempted God in a waterless place.
So he gave them their request, and sent repletion unto their souls.
And they angered Moses in the camp, and Aaron the holy one of the Lord.
The earth opened and swallowed up Dathan, and covered the congregation of Abiram.
And a fire was kindled in their congregation; a flame burned up sinners.
They also made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the graven image.
And they changed His glory into the likeness of a calf that eateth grass.
And they forgot God their Saviour, who had done great things in Egypt,
Wondrous works in the land of Ham, terrible things by the Red Sea.

Therefore He said that He would destroy them, had not Moses His chosen stood before Him in the breach, to turn away His wrath, lest He should destroy them.
Yea, they held as nought the desirable land; they believed not his word.
But murmured in their tents; they heard not the voice of the Lord.
Therefore He lifted up His hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness, to overthrow their seed among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands.
They were made initiate also of Baal-peor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead.
And they provoked Him to anger with their inventions, and destruction was multiplied among them.
And Phineas stood up and made appeasement, and made the plague to cease. And it was counted unto him for righteousness, from generation to generation for evermore.
They provoked Him also at the waters of strife, and Moses was hurt for their sakes.
Because they provoked his spirit, and he gave judgment with his lips.
They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the Lord commanded them.
But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works; and they served their idols, and it became a stumblingblock unto them.
Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils.
And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed to the idols of Canaan.
And the land was murdered with blood, and was stained in their works, and they played the whore in their own pursuits.
Therefore was the wrath of the Lord kindled against His people, and He abhorred His own inheritance.
And He gave them into the hand of the enemy, and they that hated them were lords over them.
And Their enemies afflicted them, and they were brought down into subjection under their hand.
Many times did He deliver them, but they provoked him with their counsel, and were brought low in their iniquities.
Nevertheless the Lord regarded them in their affliction, and heard their supplication.
And He remembered His covenant, and repented according to the multitude of His mercy.
He made them to be pitied in the sight of all who carried them captive.
Save us, O Lord our God, and gather us from among the nations, that we may give thanks unto Thy holy Name, that we may glory in Thy praise.
Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting, and all the peoples shall say, Amen. So be it.
