O give thanks unto the Lord, for He is good; for His mercy endureth for ever.
So let them say that have been redeemed by the Lord, whom He hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy, and gathered them out of the lands; from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south.
They wandered in the wilderness, in a waterless land, finding no way to a city of habitation.
Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted within them.
And they cried unto the Lord in their affliction, and from out of their tribulations He delivered them.
And He led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of habitation.
Let them praise the Lord for His mercies, and for His wonderful works to the children of men.
For He hath satisfied the empty soul, and filled the hungry soul with goodness.
As for them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, bound in poverty and iron,
Because they rebelled against the words of God, and provoked the counsel of the Most High.
Yea, their heart was brought down with labours; they grew feeble, and there was none to help.
And they cried unto the Lord in their affliction, and from out of their tribulations He saved them.
He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death; and broke their bonds asunder.
Let them give thanks unto the Lord for His mercies, and for His wonderful works to the children of men.
For He hath broken the gates of brass, and shattered the bars of iron.
He helped them out of the way of their transgressions, for they were brought low because of their iniquities.
Their soul abhorred all manner of food, and they drew near unto the gates of death.
And they cried unto the Lord in their affliction, and from out of their tribulations He saved them.
He sent forth his Word, and healed them, and delivered them out from their corruption.
Let them praise the Lord for His mercies, and for His wonderful works to the children of men.
And let them sacrifice to Him a sacrifice of praise, and declare His works with gladness.
They that go down to the sea in ships, that do their work in great waters;
They have seen the works of the Lord, and His wonders in the deep.
He commandeth, and a wind of tempest arose, which lifteth up the waves thereof.
They mount up to the heavens, and they go down into the depths; their soul melted away with evils.
They were troubled, and they staggered as one drunk; all their wisdom was swallowed up.
And they cried unto the Lord in their affliction, and from out of their tribulations He bringeth them.
And He commanded the tempest, and it was calmed into a gentle breeze, and the waves thereof fell silent.
Then they were glad because they were stilled, and He guided them unto the haven of His will.
Let them praise the Lord for His mercies, and for His wonderful works to the children of men.
Let them exalt Him in the congregation of the people, and praise Him in the seat of the elders.
He hath turned rivers into a desert, springs of waters into dry ground,
A fruitful land into saltiness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.
He turneth the desert into pools of waters, and a parched land into streams of waters.
And there He made the hungry to dwell, and they established cities for habitation,
And sowed the fields, and planted vineyards, which yielded fruits of increase.
He blessed them also, so that they were multiplied greatly, and He suffered not their cattle to decrease.
But they were diminished and brought low through affliction, evils, and sorrow.
Contempt was poured upon their rulers; and He caused them to wander in a wilderness, where there is no path.
Yet He helped the poor out of poverty, and made his kindred like a flock.
The righteous shall see it, and rejoice, and the mouth of iniquity shall be stopped.
Who is wise, and will keep these things, and will understand the mercies of the Lord?
