O God, pass not over my praise in silence, for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me.
They have spoken against me with a lying tongue, they have compassed me about also with words of hatred, and fought against me without a cause.
In the place of my love they falsely accused me; but I gave myself unto prayer.
And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
Set Thou a wicked man over him, and let the devil stand at his right hand.
When he is judged, let him go forth condemned, and let his prayer become sin.
Let his days be few, and let another take his office.
Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.
Being afflicted, let his children be wanderers without a shelter, and beg their bread; let them be cast out of their ruined habitations.
Let his creditor search out all his substance, and let the strangers plunder all his labours.
Let there be none to help him, neither let there be any to take pity upon his orphans.
Let his children be given over to utter destruction; in one generation let his name be blotted out.
Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered before the Lord, and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.
Let them be before the Lord continually, and let the memory of them perish from the earth.
Because he remembered not to show mercy, but persecuted to death the man poor and needy, and the man broken in heart.
As he loved cursing, so shall it come upon him; as he delighted not in blessing, so it shall be far from him.
As he put on cursing like a garment, and it came like water into his entrails, and like oil into his bones.
Let it be unto him as a garment wherewith he is clothed, and like a girdle wherewith he girds himself continually.
This is the dealing of the Lord with them that slander me, and with them that speak evils against my soul.
But do Thou, Lord, O Lord, render mercy unto me for Thy Name's sake, for Thy mercy is good.
Deliver me, for I am poor and needy, and my heart is troubled within me.
I am taken away like a shadow that departeth; I am driven away as the locusts.
My knees are weakened through fasting, and my flesh is dried up for want of oil.
I am become a reproach unto them; they looked upon me, and they shook their heads.
Help me, O Lord my God, and save me according to Thy mercy.
And let them know that this is Thy hand, and that Thou, O Lord, hast done it.
They shall curse, but Thou shalt bless; let them be put to shame that rise up against me; but Thy servant shall be glad.
Let them that slander me be clothed with confusion, and let them be covered with shame as with a mantle.
I will greatly praise the Lord with my mouth; yea, in the midst of many will I praise Him.
For He hath stood at the right hand of the poor, to save my soul from them that persecute me.
