When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from among a barbarous people,
Judah became his sanctuary, and Israel his dominion.
The sea saw it, and fled; Jordan was driven back.
The mountains skipped like rams, and the hills like lambs of the flock.
What was it, O sea, that thou didst flee? And thou, O Jordan, that thou wast driven back?
Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams? And ye hills, like lambs of the flock?
The earth trembled at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob.
Who turneth the rock into pools of water, and the sharp stone into fountains of water.
Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy Name give glory, for Thy mercy and Thy truth.
Lest the nations should say: Where is their God?
But our God is in heaven and on earth; He hath done whatsoever He willed.
The idols of the nations are of silver and gold, the work of the hands of man.
A mouth have they, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not.
Ears have they, but they hear not; noses have they, but they smell not.
Hands have they, but they feel not; feet have they, but they walk not; for they shall make no sound in their throat.
Let those who make them be like unto them, and every one that trusteth in them.
The house of Israel hath hoped in the Lord; He is their help, and their defender.
The house of Aaron hath hoped in the Lord; He is their help, and their defender.
They that fear the Lord have hoped in the Lord; He is their help, and their defender.
The Lord hath been mindful of us, and hath blessed us; He hath blessed the house of Israel, He hath blessed the house of Aaron.
He hath blessed them that fear the Lord, both small and great.
May the Lord increase you, you and your children.
Ye are blessed of the Lord, Who hath made heaven and the earth.
The heaven of heavens is the Lord's, but the earth hath He given to the children of men.
The Lord shall not be praised by the dead; neither they that go down into hades,
But we who live will bless the Lord, from henceforth and for evermore.
