O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
Let the house of Israel now say that he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
Let the house of Aaron now say that he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
Let all them that fear the Lord now say that he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
From out of affliction I called upon the Lord, and the Lord hearkened unto me in a broad place.
The Lord is my helper, and I shall not fear what man shall do unto me.
The Lord is my helper, and I shall look upon mine enemies.
It is better to trust in the Lord than to trust in man.
It is better to hope in the Lord than to hope in princes.
All the nations compassed me about, but in the name of the Lord have I driven them back.
Yea, they kept me on every side, but in the name of the Lord have I driven them back.
They came round about about me like bees to a honeycomb, and burned away as fire among the thorns, but in the name of the Lord have I driven them back.
Being pushed, I was overturned that I might fall; but the Lord took hold of me.
The Lord is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation.
The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the dwellings of the righteous; the right hand of the Lord hath wrought strength.
The right hand of the Lord hath exalted me; the right hand of the Lord hath wrought strength.
I shall not die, but live, and I shall tell of the works of the Lord.
With chastisement, the Lord hath chastised me, but he hath not given me over unto death.
Open unto me the gates of righteousness; having gone therein, I shall confess unto the Lord.
This is the gate of the Lord; the righteous shall enter by it.
I shall confess unto thee, for thou hast heard me, and thou art become my salvation.
The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner.
This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes.
This is the day which the Lord hath made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
O Lord, save now; O Lord, send now prosperity.
Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; we have blessed you out of the house of the Lord.
God is the Lord, and hath appeared unto us; commend a feast with thick branches, even unto the horns of the altar.
Thou art my God, and I shall confess unto thee; thou art my God, and I shall exalt thee. I shall confess unto thee, for thou hast heard me, and thou art become my salvation.
O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good, for unto the age is his mercy.
