Blessed are they that are blameless in the way, who walk in the law of the Lord.
Blessed are they that search out His testimonies; they shall seek Him with their whole heart.
For they that work iniquity have not walked in His ways.
Thou hast commanded that Thy commandments be kept most diligently.
O that my ways may be directed to keep Thy statutes!
Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all Thy commandments.
I will praise Thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned the judgments of Thy righteousness.
I will keep Thy statutes; O forsake me not utterly.
Wherewithal shall a young man correct his way? even by keeping Thy words.
With my whole heart have I sought Thee; cast me not away from Thy commandments.
Thy words have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against Thee.
Blessed art Thou, O Lord; teach me Thy statutes.
With my lips have I declared all the judgments of Thy mouth.
I have had delight in the way of Thy testimonies, as much as in all riches.
I will meditate on Thy commandments, and understand Thy ways.
I will meditate in Thy statutes; I will not forget Thy words.
Give recompense unto Thy servant; quicken Thou me, and I shall keep Thy words.
Open Thou my eyes, and I shall behold the wondrous things out of Thy law.
I am a stranger in the earth; hide not Thy commandments from me.
My soul hath longed greatly to desire Thy judgments at all times.
Thou hast rebuked the proud; cursed are they which do err from Thy commandments.
Remove from me reproach and contempt, for I have sought Thy testimonies.
Princes also did sit and speak against me, but Thy servant did meditate in Thy statutes.
For Thy testimonies are my meditation, and Thy statutes are my counsels.
My soul hath cleaved unto the dust; quicken Thou me according to Thy word.
I have declared my ways, and Thou heardest me; teach me Thy statutes.
Make me to understand the way of Thy precepts, and I will meditate upon Thy wondrous works.
My soul hath slumbered for heaviness; strengthen Thou me in Thy words.
Remove from me the way of iniquity, and have mercy upon me with Thy law.
I have chosen the way of truth, and have not forgotten Thy judgments.
I have stuck unto Thy testimonies; O Lord, put me not to shame.
I have run the way of Thy commandments, when Thou hast enlarged my heart.
Set before me for a law, O Lord, the way of Thy statutes; and I shall seek it always.
Give me understanding, and I shall seek Thy law; yea, I shall observe it with my whole heart.
Make me to go in the path of Thy commandments, for I have longed for it.
Incline my heart to Thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.
Turn away mine eyes, that I behold not vanity; quicken Thou me in Thy way.
Stablish Thy word unto Thy servant, in fear of Thee.
Take away my reproach which I have feared, for Thy judgments are good.
Behold, I have longed after Thy precepts; quicken me in Thy righteousness.
Let Thy mercy come also upon me, O Lord, even Thy salvation, according to Thy word.
So shall I make answer unto them that reproach me, for I have hoped in Thy words.
And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth, for I have hoped in Thy judgments.
So shall I keep Thy law continually for ever and ever.
And I walked at liberty, for I sought Thy precepts.
I spake of Thy testimonies also before kings, and was not ashamed.
And I meditated on Thy commandments, which I have loved exceedingly.
My hands also have I lifted up unto Thy commandments, which I have loved; and I meditated in Thy statutes.
Remember Thy words unto Thy servant, upon which Thou hast caused me to hope.
This hath comforted me in my affliction, for Thy word hath quickened me.
The proud have transgressed exceedingly, yet have I not declined from Thy law.
I remembered Thy judgments of old, O Lord, and was comforted.
Despondency hath taken hold upon me, because of the wicked that forsake Thy law.
Thy statutes have been my songs in the place of my pilgrimage.
I have remembered Thy Name, O Lord, in the night, and have kept Thy law.
This happened to me, because I sought Thy precepts.
Thou art my portion, O Lord; I have said that I would keep Thy law.
I entreated Thy face with my whole heart; be merciful unto me according to Thy word.
I have thought on Thy ways, and turned my feet unto Thy testimonies.
I made ready, and was not troubled, that I might keep Thy commandments.
The cords of the wicked have encompassed me, but I have not forgotten Thy law.
At midnight I rose to give thanks unto Thee, because of the judgments of Thy righteousness.
I am a companion of all them that fear Thee, and of them that keep Thy precepts.
The earth, O Lord, is full of Thy mercy; teach me Thy statutes.
Thou hast dealt graciously with Thy servant, O Lord, according unto Thy word.
Teach me goodness and discipline and knowledge, for I have believed Thy commandments.
Before I was humbled I went astray; therefore have I kept Thy word.
Thou art good, O Lord, and in Thy goodness teach me Thy statutes.
The injustice of the proud is multiplied against me, but I will seek Thy commandments with my whole heart.
Their heart is curdled like milk, but I have meditated on Thy law.
It is good for me that Thou hast humbled me, that I might learn Thy statutes.
The law of Thy mouth is better to me than thousands of gold and silver.
Thy hands have made me and fashioned me; give me understanding, and I shall learn Thy commandments.
They that fear Thee shall see me, and be glad, because I have hoped in Thy words.
I know, O Lord, that Thy judgments are right, and that with truth Thou hast humbled me.
Let Thy mercy now be for my comfort, according to Thy word unto Thy servant.
Let Thy tender mercies come unto me, and I shall live; for Thy law is my meditation.
Let the proud be ashamed, for they have transgressed against me unjustly; but I will meditate on Thy commandments.
Let those that fear Thee turn unto me, and those that know Thy testimonies.
Let my heart be blameless in Thy statutes, that I be not ashamed.
My soul fainteth for Thy salvation; I have hoped in Thy words.
Mine eyes have failed for Thy word, saying: When wilt Thou comfort me?
For I am become like a wineskin in the frost, yet have I not forgotten Thy statutes.
How many are the days of Thy servant? When wilt Thou execute judgment on them that persecute me?
Transgressors told me idle tales, but they are not after Thy law, O Lord.
All Thy commandments are truth; they persecuted me wrongfully, help Thou me.
They had almost made an end of me upon earth, but I forsook not Thy precepts.
Quicken me according to Thy mercy, and I shall keep the testimonies of Thy mouth.
For ever, O Lord, Thy word endureth in heaven.
Thy truth is unto generation and generation; Thou hast established the earth, and it abideth.
The day continueth according to Thine ordinance, for all things are Thy servants.
If Thy law had not been my meditation, I should have perished in my humiliation.
I will never forget Thy precepts, for by them Thou hast quickened me.
I am Thine, save me; for I have sought Thy precepts.
The wicked have waited for me to destroy me, but I have understood Thy testimonies.
I have seen an end of all perfection, but Thy commandment is exceeding broad.
O how have I loved Thy law, O Lord! It is my meditation all the day.
Thou through Thy commandment hast made me wiser than mine enemies, for it is mine for ever.
I had more understanding than all my teachers, for Thy testimonies are my meditation.
I had more understanding than mine elders, because I sought Thy commandments.
I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep Thy words.
I have not departed from Thy judgments, for Thou hast appointed a law for me.
How sweet are Thy words unto my throat! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth.
Through Thy commandments have I gained understanding; therefore have I hated every unrighteous way.
Thy law is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my paths.
I have sworn, and am steadfastly purposed, that I will keep the judgments of Thy righteousness.
I have been humbled exceedingly; quicken me, O Lord, according unto Thy word.
Be pleased with the freewill offerings of my mouth, O Lord, and teach me Thy judgments.
My soul is continually in Thy hand, yet have I not forgotten Thy law.
Sinners have laid a snare for me, yet I erred not from Thy precepts.
Thy testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever, for they are the rejoicing of my heart.
I have inclined my heart to perform Thy statutes for ever, for a recompense.
I have hated transgressors, but Thy law have I loved.
Thou art my helper and defender; I have hoped in Thy words.
Depart from me, ye evil doers, and I will search the commandments of my God.
Uphold me according unto Thy word, and quicken me; and turn me not away in shame from mine expectation.
Help me, and I shall be saved, and I will meditate in Thy statutes always.
Thou hast despised all them that departed from Thy statutes, for their inward thought is unrighteous.
I have accounted as transgressors all the sinners of the earth; therefore have I loved Thy testimonies.
Nail down my flesh with the fear of Thee, for I am afraid of Thy judgments.
I have done judgment and justice; give me not over unto them that wrong me.
Receive Thy servant unto good; let not the proud accuse me falsely.
My eyes have failed for Thy salvation, and for the word of Thy righteousness.
Deal with Thy servant according unto Thy mercy, and teach me Thy statutes.
I am Thy servant; give me understanding, and I shall know Thy testimonies.
It is time for the Lord to act, for they have dispersed Thy law.
Therefore have I loved Thy commandments above gold and topaz.
Therefore have I directed myself according to all Thy commandments; I have hated every unrighteous way.
Thy testimonies are wonderful; therefore hath my soul sought them.
The unfolding of Thy words shall give light and understanding unto the simple.
I opened my mouth, and drew in my breath; for I longed for Thy commandments.
Look Thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, according to the judgment of those that love Thy Name.
Order my steps according to Thy word, and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.
Deliver me from the false accusation of men, and I will keep Thy commandments.
Make Thy face to shine upon Thy servant, and teach me Thy statutes.
Mine eyes have sent forth streams of water, because I kept not Thy law.
Righteous art Thou, O Lord, and upright are Thy judgments.
Thy testimonies that Thou hast commanded are very righteousness and truth.
My zeal for Thee hath made me to pine away, because mine enemies have forgotten Thy words.
Thy word hath been tried in the fire to the uttermost, and Thy servant hath loved it.
I am young and despised, yet have I not forgotten Thy statutes.
Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and Thy law is truth.
Troubles and anguish have found me, yet Thy commandments are my meditation.
Thy testimonies are righteousness for ever; give me understanding, and I shall live.
I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O Lord, and I shall seek Thy statutes.
I cried unto Thee; save me, and I shall keep Thy testimonies.
I rose up before the dawn, and cried; I hoped in Thy words.
Mine eyes awoke before the morning, that I might meditate in Thy words.
Hear my voice according unto Thy mercy, O Lord; quicken me according to Thy judgment.
They draw nigh that persecute me unlawfully; they are far from Thy law.
Thou art near, O Lord, and all Thy ways are truth.
Concerning Thy testimonies, I have known of old that Thou hast founded them for ever.
Behold my humiliation, and deliver me, for I have not forgotten Thy law.
Judge Thou my cause, and deliver me; quicken me according to Thy word.
Salvation is far from the wicked, for they have not sought Thy statutes.
Many are Thy tender mercies, O Lord; quicken me according to Thy judgment.
Many are they that persecute me and afflict me, yet have I not turned aside from Thy testimonies.
I beheld the foolish and was grieved, because they kept not Thy words.
See how I have loved Thy commandments; O Lord, quicken me in Thy mercy.
The beginning of Thy words is truth, and all the judgments of Thy righteousness endure for ever.
Princes have persecuted me without a cause, and my heart hath been afraid because of Thy words.
I will rejoice at Thy words, as one that findeth great spoil.
I have hated and abhorred injustice, but Thy law have I loved.
Seven times a day have I praised Thee because of the judgments of Thy righteousness.
Great peace have they that love Thy law, and for them there is no stumbling block.
Lord, I have looked for Thy salvation, and loved Thy commandments.
My soul hath kept Thy testimonies, and loved them exceedingly.
I have kept Thy commandments and Thy testimonies, for all my ways are before Thee, O Lord.
Let my prayer draw near to Thee, O Lord; give me understanding according to Thy word.
Let my supplication come before Thee, O Lord; deliver me according to Thy word.
My lips shall pour forth Thy praise, when Thou hast taught me Thy statutes.
My tongue shall speak of Thy words, for all Thy commandments are righteousness.
Let Thy hand be near to save me, for I have chosen Thy commandments.
I have longed for Thy salvation, O Lord; and Thy law is my study.
My soul shall live, and it shall praise Thee, and Thy judgments shall help me.
I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek Thy servant, for I have not forgotten Thy commandments.
