O Lord, Thou hast proved me, and Thou knowest me.
Thou knowest my sitting down and my rising up; Thou hast understood my thoughts from afar.
Thou hast searched out my path and my life, and hast foreseen all my ways.
For there is no guile upon my tongue; behold, O Lord, Thou knowest all things,
The last and the first; Thou hast fashioned me, and laid Thy hand upon me.
Thy knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is great, I cannot attain unto it.
Whither shall I go from Thy Spirit? And from Thy presence whither shall I flee?
If I should go up into heaven, Thou art there; if I should go down into hades, Thou art there present.
If I take up the wings of flight at the dawn, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea,
Even there shall Thy hand lead me, and Thy right hand shall hold me.
And I said: Surely the darkness shall cover me, and yet in my delight shall the night be turned to day.
For darkness will not be darkness with Thee, but night shall be bright as day; for as is the darkness thereof, even so shall be the light of it.
For Thou hast possessed my reins; O Lord, Thou hast protected me from my mother's womb.
I will give Thee thanks for the awesome wonder of Thy presence; marvellous are Thy works, and my soul knoweth it well.
My bones are not hid from Thee, which Thou hast made in secret; nor my substance in the lowest parts of the earth.
Thine eyes did see my unformed being, and in Thy book shall all mankind be written; daily are they fashioned, when as yet there be none of them.
But for me, O Lord, Thy friends are exceedingly honoured; their rule is greatly strengthened.
I will number them, and they shall be multiplied beyond the sand; when I awake, I am still with Thee.
Surely Thou wilt slay the sinners, O God; depart from me, ye bloodthirsty men.
For Thou shalt say of their thought: They shall take Thy cities in vain.
O Lord, have not I hated them that hate Thee? And have I not wasted away because of Thine enemies?
With a perfect hatred have I hated them; they are counted mine enemies.
Prove me, O Lord, and know my heart; try me and know my paths.
And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting.
